feat: update docs (#8)
Hexastack/hexabot-helper-ollama: README.md

> const response = await ollamaHelper.generateResponse(prompt, model, systemPrompt, options);

Reviewer: I suggest addubg real life examples here instead of adding parameters

```suggestion
const response = await ollamaHelper.generateResponse('Where is Paris located?', 'llama3.2', 'You are a tourist assistant', { .... });
```

Author: Will apply across all helpers but I suggest we do it only for the 'generateChatCompletion' because it's the most intuitive function in the helper. What do you think?

Reviewer: We may need an example for the structured response call as well.
